Welcome, welcome everyone. Again, I'm going to give a little bit of talk about the teachings on the
various sources of the teachings,
but before that, again, the new ones are important to receive the teachings, to actualize the
practices.
We corrected our motivation. We stand in it. Motivation. What kind of motivation?
What are we doing? We have so many motivations, actually, so many motivations. At this time, what
the teaching highlights,
the teaching pointing out, is a good motivation, beneficial motivation, something that you feel
happy,
others feel so wonderful, nice. That motivation we have to ignite it, glorify it.
With all that good foundation of the motivation, practicing goes in different directions.
Even we are thinking that we are doing practicing, but it goes in different directions.
All is dependent upon us.
Buddha said, the correct teacher, Buddha said, "I taught the teaching up only to you."
Up to you, how you put that, actualize that. That's what Buddha said, again and again.
This time, that's what it is, is we have our motivation. That is something we leave with strength.
A motivation, what is that motivation? As you can keep what you hear when you point it out, always
in the teaching,
the joy, the appreciation, that motivation is important.
First, the joy, the appreciation. We have so many beautiful things surrounded.
If we neglect that, then we will be in a dark places.
We have to bring that light, sunlight into heart.
What is it going to do? It's ourself. Nobody is going to do for us.
Even they do something, it's not going to pull benefit from that.
We have to do it. It's our responsibility.
Bring joy, abundance of joy from heart, discover that.
Why we have to be chaotic? Why we have to be miserly with that?
Bring joy, appreciate. It's good for you. It's good for others.
Bring joy and appreciation. We have so many reasons to be joy.
As I said so many times, again I highlight that.
Because with all these foundations, practice won't go far.
And it's not something really turned differently.
Therefore, joy and appreciation are important.
We have every reason to be joy, both samsara level and as well as spiritual dharma levels.
We are tortured. We are blessed. We are lucky.
But truly, this we are not making up the story. It's truly, roughly like that.
Truly, it is. Then this joy is not just enough.
Now we have to understand the second motivation, which is bodhicam.
Loving-kindness, compassion, thought for all living beings.
Not just only ourselves is okay, but we are Mahayana practitioner.
We are very Ayana practitioner.
Therefore, we have to think to every sentient beings,
like global level or more kind of samsara. Six rheums levels.
We really wish everyone happy, joy, peace,
remove all suffering and difficult troubles.
Bring that bodhicam attitude.
That is, again, so important.
Without the bodhicata, our practice becomes very, very narrow and small.
It just becomes kind of small.
Smaller and smaller, even your practice, it becomes smaller and smaller
and won't go too deep, strong. It becomes shallow practice.
So therefore, have strong bodhicata.
Again, every great master said it. Everyone said it.
From the Buddha, all the one up, every practitioner did that.
Those who we see, those great masters,
we see those great practitioners, what they did, they did this.
Joy and appreciation, bodhicata. Follow their put examples.
We all have to follow their examples.
They are like role models.
How they become great practitioners, how they become great master
and great enlightenment, because of this joy and bodhicata.
That is how they started.
Read their life stories, how they are completely filled with bodhicata.
Every level is so humble, so simple, down to the earth.
They are grounded, so beautiful, so practical, so considerable, so sensible.
That every good college, whatever in human society claims, they all have that.
Truly, they are humble, simple, intelligent, wise, knowledgeable, very practical.
That's what it is.
And together with this Vajrayana teaching, with that, above that motivation,
always teaches purity motivation, purity motivation.
Everything is enlightened status, according to the reality level,
on the true ultimate levels.
So, we are very practitioner, we are on the path of tracks, in the tracks.
We are not just going to hang out, or really jump to the ordinary nature,
exactly as it is, with courage and commitment, without any fears or fearlessness.
Jump to that, without the intellectual distance, that thing.
In reality, nature is pure. Everything is enlightened status.
And the poem is enlightened status, sound is enlightened status,
and the space of the mind is enlightened, bring up that qualities.
Bring up that qualities, at least for a while we have practiced and meditated.
Bring up that. Follow the teaching, as the teaching said.
And we have empirically these teachings, as that as it is, then truly we are good practitioners.
We are practicing, we are making difference to ourselves and our destinations.
So therefore, those motivations are really important, and with those motivations.
And then, now, I am going to go and get the teachings on this short silence of the various sources.